BACKEND:


    API: 
        Payment function


    MODELS:
        Saving phone numbers to profile.


    VIEWS: 

        Generate unique reference number for each Cause upon creation.

        Email/phone number confirmation for new users before completion of registration

        Login in with Phone number in Login_view

        Remove white spaces from Username data before saving it to model in Register

        Check that Number field contains only numbers, and begins with 0 in the Register view.

        Check that Email field contains only email addresses, and begins with 0 in the Register view. Use Try/Catch method

        Check birthday data in Register is in date format before saving.

        Create a Country dictionary for countries, states/counties, LGAs, cities. 

        Check that Country, State/County, LGA, and City data in Register is in the Country dictionary.
        
        Reset function to reset all User Profile attributes; voted and paid, to false on the first of every month.

        Function to update User Profile Paid attribute once payment has been successfully made, increase the grand total collected, and notify on homepage that the User has just made payment.

        Delete files that have been changed (like Profile Picture) from physical memory also.


FRONTEND:


    CSS:
        Nav links should be highlighted when clicked


    HTML:
        Automate LGA and State fields in Register page

        "You have not voted" prompt in Layout page

        Show thumbnail of all files of a cause on the cause's page


    JAVASCRIPT:
        Collapsible optional part of registration form in Register page

        Create a button to add more <input> fields to upload more files in New-Cause page.

        Alert users when space is inserted in their Username during Registration and Profile Editing.


FULLSTACK:

    RANKING SYSTEM: 
        A system that promotes user on a yearly basis, based on the date they joined MAG.

    
SECURITY:

    BACKEND:

        Check forms' fields that the appropriate data, length of data, type of data, etc is passed. Remove spaces from Username.